you know my dad told me last night he
said that you got a full ride to Kansas
we just quit why my father didn't like
me very much and someone told him I was
good at basketball
he paid a lot more attention to me and I
realized it wasn't me that he loved it
was what I could do was not a lot of
time earning myself trying to hurt my
father I never picked up a basketball
Ken
[Music]
we need a new coach Jack you're the
first person I thought of the team any
good no in fact the last time they made
the playoffs back when you were playing
this whole team ten kids wonder why
they're leaving you open it's because
they don't think you could hit the ocean
from the beach
heard you're coaching basketball just my
mind off other things I understand
you're trying to motivate the team but
we have a code of conduct I'm working on
work harder
I gotta feel like this team is not as
bad as record we have to trust each
other we have to have faith
I just want you to be happy again but
you gotta want it too
don't underestimate the impact you can
have on them you got this no don't just
not I'm gonna hear your voice yes or no
yes goes
you nervous I get it truth is more
talented than you but I got a better
coach but I promise you they are not a
better team is they haven't been through
what we've been through they don't know
adversity they don't know what it's like
to get knocked down to have to get back
up again they don't know what it is to
fight
we can't change the past Jack what we
can do is choose how we move forward
[Music]